From: Sarah.Miller@flangecorex.com
To: Jack.Reynolds@flangecorex.com
Sent: 03 July 2025, 09:16
Subject: Timesheet Template – Which One??

Hi Jack,

Quick one – has the timesheet format changed again? I opened the version in the shared drive this morning and it's asking for codes I’ve literally never seen before. I checked the old instructions doc (v3.2?) but it doesn’t mention “T5 grouping” anywhere.

Do you know what we’re supposed to be using now? Or who even owns this process at this point? I just want to log my hours and move on with my life.

Thanks,
Sarah

From: Jack.Reynolds@flangecorex.com
To: Sarah.Miller@flangecorex.com
CC: Dinesh.Kapur@flangecorex.com
Sent: 03 July 2025, 09:48
Subject: RE: Timesheet Template – Which One??

Hi Sarah,

Yep, I ran into the same thing Monday. I tried using the old sheet and it bounced back with a red warning box (which felt unnecessarily aggressive). I think Dinesh is the new point of contact for this? Tagging him in.

Side note: I’m 90% sure there was no email about the change. It just appeared like a ghost in the shared folder.

Cheers,
Jack

From: Dinesh.Kapur@flangecorex.com
To: Sarah.Miller@flangecorex.com; Jack.Reynolds@flange.com
Sent: 03 July 2025, 10:04
Subject: RE: Timesheet Template – Which One??

Hi both,

Yes, the new template (v5.1) went live last week. Sorry if that wasn’t clearly communicated – there was a bulletin in last Friday’s internal newsletter, but I realise now that may have flown under the radar.

The T5 codes relate to the new phase-based billing model for external partners. If you’re only logging internal hours, just use “T5-INT” and leave the grouping column blank.

I’ll update the instructions doc this morning and move it to the top of the shared folder. If anything’s still unclear, happy to jump on a quick call.

Thanks,
Dinesh

From: Sarah.Miller@flangecorex.com
To: Dinesh.Kapur@flangecorex.com
CC: Jack.Reynolds@flangecorex.com
Sent: 03 July 2025, 10:27
Subject: RE: Timesheet Template – Which One??

Thanks Dinesh — that makes sense now. I think most of us missed that newsletter entirely (I went looking for cake photos and bounced).

Appreciate the clarification. Could you also maybe put a note next to the template in the shared drive? Something like “use this – we promise it’s real”?

Best,
Sarah