Transcript: Interview between Sarah Miller and Robin Flowers
Date: June 09, 2025
Attendees: Sarah Miller (Accounting Manager), Robin Flowers (Head of Finance)
Robin Flowers: Thanks for coming in, Sarah. I understand you have some concerns regarding our piping
contractor, Oddity?
Sarah Miller: Yes, Robin. I've been reviewing invoices from Oddity for the past few weeks, and I've found
some significant discrepancies.
Robin Flowers: Discrepancies? Can you elaborate?
Sarah Miller: The invoices don't seem to match the actual work being done. In many cases, the charges
are inflated, or they're billing for work that wasn't even authorized or necessary. I think we may have
been overcharged more than £100k in the last 3 months alone - and we have paid for two of those
months already.
Robin Flowers: That's very concerning. Can you give me some specific examples?
Sarah Miller: Sure. For instance, on invoice number 36583, they billed us a full week's work for Isabelle
Chen, an engineer, in the last week of May. But when I checked with our team, they confirmed that she
wasn't on site that week. And the cost for these invoices is significantly higher than what we've paid in
the past for these works on other sites.
Robin Flowers: That's concerning. Have you spoken to William Taylor, the Maintenance Manager, about
this?
Sarah Miller: I asked him to give me an overview of the checks he is performing to validate these
invoices, but he got very defensive. I've noticed that he's the one who consistently approves these
invoices. And he seems to sign off on them without any questions before having them sent to me for
payment.
Robin Flowers: Do you suspect something more is going on here?
Sarah Miller: I do. I'm concerned that William Taylor might be colluding with Oddity to inflate their
invoices. It's possible he's receiving some kind of kickback for approving these excessive charges.
Assuming the timesheets are correctly filled out by the engineers, it looks like someone, either Oddity or
Will, is manually increasing the hours against each name in the cost schedule and invoice. In some cases
it looks like someone has changed the rates for some of the engineers to that of a senior engineer to
squeeze even more money out of each invoice. Furthermore, the most recent invoice doesn't even seem
to add up correctly-resulting in an additional £7k! That is one too many errors to be a mistake.
Robin Flowers: That's a serious accusation, Sarah. Do you have any evidence to support that? Sarah
Miller: I don't have concrete proof of a kickback, but the pattern of inflated invoices, combined with

William Taylor's lack of oversight, is highly suspicious. I've compiled a report with detailed comparisons
of the May invoice, time sheets, and the cost schedule. The value for pipeworks in May alone are
completely different between the timesheets, cost schedule, and invoice. It clearly shows that someone
must have deliberately made changes in order to overcharge our company.
Robin Flowers: I'll need to see that report. This is a very serious matter. We need to investigate this
thoroughly. Do you think the May invoice could be fabricated further? For example, could there be
fictious employees or materials being included?
Sarah Miller: It could be the case-I don't think there is any way of knowing without further investigation.
But Oddity have clearly been fabricating some elements of these invoices, sol wouldn't be surprised. I
am also worried that this could be a widespread issue - any of the engineers on the Oddity team could
be involved. And other maintenance managers might be approving invoices from Oddity without running
the proper checks - I think we have systemic issues going deeper than we think if Will can just approve
these invoices with no further checks. Robin Flowers: Do you know who brought Oddity onto the
project?
Sarah Miller: No I don't. My role is only to accept these approved invoices and include them in our
payment run at the end of the month - Will should be reviewing these invoices carefully before
approving them for payment. We do have some flexibility for cost variations, but this goes way further
than that.
Robin Flowers: Did you suspect anything was wrong with the first invoice?
Sarah Miller: No I didn't- as I said, Will is meant to review these invoices so I assumed that he had done
the necessary checks and took his approval as assurance. It is only now that I have had a look at all three
invoices that I can see these small changes are resulting in a huge overcharge. I do keep an eye out for
irregularities or unusual cost overruns, but Will assured me that these were not suspect cost increases.
Robin Flowers: Thank you, Sarah. I appreciate you bringing this to my attention. I'll review this
immediately and launch a formal internal investigation. We need to determine the full extent of this
potential fraud and take appropriate action.
Sarah Miller: What do you think the next steps will be? I am worried that Will is going to find out that I
am the one who raised the issue and got him in trouble.
Robin Flowers: First, I'll review your report and documentation. Then, I'll initiate an internal
investigation, which will likely involve interviewing William Taylor and representatives from Oddity. We'll
also need to consult with our legal counsel to determine the best course of action. Depending on what
we find, we may need to contact the authorities. We will of course keep your identify completely
confidential.
Sarah Miller: Will the police need to be informed? We have money laundering obligations, right?
Robin Flowers: First, we should look into the matter first to confirm these allegations and assess the
scale. We could potentially bring in a third party to investigate - but until we know more, we won't

report anything to the police and we don't need to let William know that we suspect any wrongdoing
from him. Please keep this between us for now.
Sarah Miller: Should we continue to pay Oddity's invoices in the meantime?
Robin Flowers: No, I think we should put a temporary freeze on payments to Oddity pending the
outcome of the investigation. We also need to review our internal controls related to procurement and
invoice processing to prevent similar incidents in the future.
Sarah Miller: What about the c. £500k we have already paid to Oddity for March and April?
Robin Flowers: We can deal with that as the investigation proceeds, but right now the important thing is
to pause payments out to them.
Sarah Miller: That sounds like a good plan. I'm happy to assist in any way I can with the investigation. Do
I need to get a lawyer? I do not want to get dragged in to anything or be implicated either - especially
since I allowed payment of two of these invoices. I am very worried about being seen as complicit.
Robin Flowers: I appreciate that, Sarah. Your diligence in uncovering this is commendable. Please remain
available to answer questions and provide further information as needed. Your support is critical and we
do have counsel on hand for matters like these - don't worry, you will be taken care of by the company.
We will likely need to have further meetings like these in the future as the investigation progresses, but
you can take breaks at any time as soon as you feel uneasy.
Sarah Miller: Of course.
Robin Flowers: Okay, Sarah. Thank you again for bringing this to my attention and for assembling your
report. I'll keep you informed of our progress. And if you feel the need to consult a lawyer personally,
you are of course able to do so. In the meantime, let's keep this matter quiet - we don't want to spook
Will or Oddity into doing anything reckless.
Sarah Miller: Thank you, Robin.